sms/README.md, before:

Install HOW TO


1) cd /usr/src/
2) git clone https://github.com/fusionpbx/fusionpbx-apps
3) cd fusionpbx-apps/; cp -R sms /var/www/fusionpbx/app/
4) cd /var/www/fusionpbx/resources/install/scripts/app/
5) ln -s /var/www/fusionpbx/app/sms/resources/install/scripts/app/sms
6) Go to GUI
7) Upgrades -> APP DEFAULTS; MENU DEFAULTS; PERMISSION DEFAULTS
8) Log out and back in
9) ADV -> Default Settings
10) add CARRIER_access_key and CARRIER_secret_key for whatever carrier you want to use
11) Go to apps -> SMS and add the DID's that you can accept SMS on
DID needs to match exactly what your carrier will be sending you. Just like any other destination
12) Go to Extensions and in the outbound_caller_id_number field add the same DID
Note: Your outbound Caller ID should match the did you placed in App -> SMS DID list. 
13) Add your carriers IPs in an ACL
14) Add your callback URL on your carrier to IE for twillio it would be:
https://YOURDOMAIN/app/sms/hook/sms_hook_twilio.php
You will need to have a valid certificate to use twilio. If you need a certificate, consider using Let’s Encrypt and certbot. It’s fast and free. 


Send and receive.

Commit message:

SMS App Update (#73)
* Update app_config.php

Match current app setup format

* Update app_defaults.php

Match current app setup format

* Update README.md

Added upgrade option to list to match current app setup format.

* Update default.xml

Changed context name to match FusionPBX default "internal" context.

* Update index.lua

Fixed URL-encoded characters showing up on destination endpoints.

* Update sms_mdr.php

Change to match fix in SMS lua script regarding URL-encoded characters showing up on destination endpoints.

* Update README.md

Corrected formatting/grammar
Elaborated on some vague steps

* Update README.md

Improved formatting

sms/README.md, after:

# Install HOW TO
1. ```cd /usr/src/```
2. ```git clone https://github.com/fusionpbx/fusionpbx-apps```
3. ```cd fusionpbx-apps/; cp -R sms /var/www/fusionpbx/app/```
4. ```cd /var/www/fusionpbx/resources/install/scripts/app/```
5. ```ln -s /var/www/fusionpbx/app/sms/resources/install/scripts/app/sms```
6. Go to GUI
7. Upgrades -> SCHEMA; APP DEFAULTS; MENU DEFAULTS; PERMISSION DEFAULTS
8. Log out and back in
9. Advanced -> Default Settings -> SMS
10. Set CARRIER_access_key and CARRIER_secret_key for whatever carrier you want to use, confirm CARRIER_api_url is correct
11. Go to Apps -> SMS and add the DID's that are allowed to send outgoing SMS messages
12. Go to Accounts -> Extensions
13. For each extension that should be allowed to send SMS messages, set the "Outbound Caller ID Number" field to the respective DID from step 11
    - Note: Your outbound Caller ID should match the DID you placed in Apps -> SMS DID list
14. Make sure you have Destinations that match the DID's in Apps -> SMS in order to receive SMS messages at those DID's
    - Note: The Destination's action should be a regular extension (for one internal recipient) or a ring group (for multiple internal recipients)
15. Add your carrier's IPs in an ACL
16. Add your callback URL on your carrier to IE for twillio it would be: https://YOURDOMAIN/app/sms/hook/sms_hook_twilio.php
    - Note: You will need to have a valid certificate to use Twilio. If you need a certificate, consider using Let's Encrypt and certbot. It’s fast and free. 

Send and receive!
